Update readme.md (#1744)
grafana/tempo: example/docker-compose/loki/readme.md

docker-compose up -d
```

At this point, the following containers should be spun up -  

> If your docker-compose shows column "Name" like "loki-loki-1", you'd better modify the "container_name" correspondingly in step 3's query words.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if docker-compose shows a column "Name" like "loki-loki-1", you will need to modify the "container_name" correspondingly in step 3.
```
